README.md, before:

# FireFoxExtentions

## BuiltWith
BuiltWith is a web site profiler tool. Upon looking up a page, BuiltWith returns a list all the technologies in use on that page that it can find. [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/builtwith/](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/builtwith/)

## Clear Cache
Clear browser cache with a single click or via the F9 key. F9 Fever! ;)
[https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/clearcache/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/clearcache/?src=search)

## Country Flag +
Shows country flag based on the server location for any website [https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/flag-plus/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/flag-plus/?src=search)

## Easy Screenshot (area)
You can capture a screen shot by selecting an area or capture the whole/visible webpage. Then edit and save it as an image file.[https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/easyscreenshot/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/easyscreenshot/?src=search)

## Easy Screenshot (whole page)
You can capture a screen shot by selecting an area or capture the whole/visible webpage. Then edit and save it as an image file.[https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/page-screenshot-tool/](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/page-screenshot-tool/)

## Flagfox
Shows location of IP/host down to city level [https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/flagfox/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/flagfox/?src=search)

## Grammarly for Firefox
Enhance your written communication everywhere you type![https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/grammarly-1/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/grammarly-1/?src=search)

## SingleFile
Save a complete page into a single HTML file [https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/single-file/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/single-file/?src=search)

## SSL Server Test
Checks the current tab's URL against Qualys SSL Labs' SSL Server Test.[https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/qualys-ssl-server-test/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/qualys-ssl-server-test/?src=search)

[]()

Commit message:

WordPress Theme and Plugins Detector

README.md, after:

# FireFoxExtentions

## BuiltWith
BuiltWith is a web site profiler tool. Upon looking up a page, BuiltWith returns a list all the technologies in use on that page that it can find. [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/builtwith/](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/builtwith/)

## Clear Cache
Clear browser cache with a single click or via the F9 key. F9 Fever! ;)
[https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/clearcache/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/clearcache/?src=search)

## Country Flag +
Shows country flag based on the server location for any website [https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/flag-plus/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/flag-plus/?src=search)

## Easy Screenshot (area)
You can capture a screen shot by selecting an area or capture the whole/visible webpage. Then edit and save it as an image file.[https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/easyscreenshot/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/easyscreenshot/?src=search)

## Easy Screenshot (whole page)
You can capture a screen shot by selecting an area or capture the whole/visible webpage. Then edit and save it as an image file.[https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/page-screenshot-tool/](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/page-screenshot-tool/)

## Flagfox
Shows location of IP/host down to city level [https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/flagfox/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/flagfox/?src=search)

## Grammarly for Firefox
Enhance your written communication everywhere you type![https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/grammarly-1/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/grammarly-1/?src=search)

## SingleFile
Save a complete page into a single HTML file [https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/single-file/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/single-file/?src=search)

## SSL Server Test
Checks the current tab's URL against Qualys SSL Labs' SSL Server Test.[https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/qualys-ssl-server-test/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/qualys-ssl-server-test/?src=search)

## WordPress Theme and Plugins Detector
Detects the theme and plugins used in WordPress and display information about them.[https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/wp-theme-and-plugins-detector/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/bg/firefox/addon/wp-theme-and-plugins-detector/?src=search)
